Ahhh
Ahhhh!
Where are you going? Jiang Yang is divorced.
We don't matter
You are not allowed to go anywhere
Stay here for me
Why should I?
Are you worried that I'm going to ruin your marriage?
Don't worry.
Who do you want to marry?
I couldn't care less.
If you dare to take half a step out of here
You will never see Dabao again
President, are you really going to do this today?
No one can marry me
Hey son
Ah, it's gone.
What should I do?
What? How?
I don't know.
He said he was going out
What did you say that Erbao is not dead, he is still alive?
Said he was taken by the bad guys and he was going to save him
He ran out of the dragon
Do something!
Mom, don't worry.
I'll come right away
Who are you?
What are you trying to do?
Take me to this place
Where's my baby?
You walk into the world
You can see your child
Erbao
Why is Erbao crying?